br/com/techcraftbrasil/app/interfaces/ReactionsPrivate.java
 br.com.techcraftbrasil.app.interfaces.ReactionsPrivate
br/com/techcraftbrasil/app/bot/SendMessage.java
 br.com.techcraftbrasil.app.bot.SendMessage
 br.com.techcraftbrasil.app.bot.SendMessage$1
 br.com.techcraftbrasil.app.bot.SendMessage$2
 br.com.techcraftbrasil.app.bot.SendMessage$Exec
br/com/techcraftbrasil/app/Main.java
 br.com.techcraftbrasil.app.Main
br/com/techcraftbrasil/app/interfaces/Events.java
 br.com.techcraftbrasil.app.interfaces.Events
br/com/techcraftbrasil/app/audio/PlayerManager.java
 br.com.techcraftbrasil.app.audio.PlayerManager
 br.com.techcraftbrasil.app.audio.PlayerManager$1
br/com/techcraftbrasil/app/bot/commands/CommandPlay.java
 br.com.techcraftbrasil.app.bot.commands.CommandPlay
br/com/techcraftbrasil/app/bot/commands/CommandServerKey.java
 br.com.techcraftbrasil.app.bot.commands.CommandServerKey
br/com/techcraftbrasil/app/bot/commands/CommandJoin.java
 br.com.techcraftbrasil.app.bot.commands.CommandJoin
br/com/techcraftbrasil/app/interfaces/CommandsGuild.java
 br.com.techcraftbrasil.app.interfaces.CommandsGuild
br/com/techcraftbrasil/app/DBStorage.java
 br.com.techcraftbrasil.app.DBStorage
br/com/techcraftbrasil/app/bot/commands/CommandTicket.java
 br.com.techcraftbrasil.app.bot.commands.CommandTicket
br/com/techcraftbrasil/restapi/model/Result.java
 br.com.techcraftbrasil.restapi.model.Result
br/com/techcraftbrasil/app/bot/ConsoleColors.java
 br.com.techcraftbrasil.app.bot.ConsoleColors
br/com/techcraftbrasil/app/audio/GuildMusicManager.java
 br.com.techcraftbrasil.app.audio.GuildMusicManager
br/com/techcraftbrasil/app/interfaces/CommandsPrivate.java
 br.com.techcraftbrasil.app.interfaces.CommandsPrivate
br/com/techcraftbrasil/app/bot/commands/CommandSincronizar.java
 br.com.techcraftbrasil.app.bot.commands.CommandSincronizar
br/com/techcraftbrasil/app/bot/commands/CommandPublicar.java
 br.com.techcraftbrasil.app.bot.commands.CommandPublicar
br/com/techcraftbrasil/app/bot/events/PrivateReactionPublicar.java
 br.com.techcraftbrasil.app.bot.events.PrivateReactionPublicar
br/com/techcraftbrasil/app/bot/MineStat.java
 br.com.techcraftbrasil.app.bot.MineStat
 br.com.techcraftbrasil.app.bot.MineStat$1
 br.com.techcraftbrasil.app.bot.MineStat$Request
 br.com.techcraftbrasil.app.bot.MineStat$Retval
br/com/techcraftbrasil/app/bot/commandsprivate/CommandHelp.java
 br.com.techcraftbrasil.app.bot.commandsprivate.CommandHelp
br/com/techcraftbrasil/app/audio/AudioPlayerSendHandler.java
 br.com.techcraftbrasil.app.audio.AudioPlayerSendHandler
br/com/techcraftbrasil/restapi/controller/DiscordSync.java
 br.com.techcraftbrasil.restapi.controller.DiscordSync
br/com/techcraftbrasil/app/audio/TrackScheduler.java
 br.com.techcraftbrasil.app.audio.TrackScheduler
br/com/techcraftbrasil/app/bot/Bot.java
 br.com.techcraftbrasil.app.bot.Bot
 br.com.techcraftbrasil.app.bot.Bot$1
br/com/techcraftbrasil/app/bot/commands/CommandStatus.java
 br.com.techcraftbrasil.app.bot.commands.CommandStatus
br/com/techcraftbrasil/app/bot/commandsprivate/CommandDisable.java
 br.com.techcraftbrasil.app.bot.commandsprivate.CommandDisable
br/com/techcraftbrasil/restapi/RestAPI.java
 br.com.techcraftbrasil.restapi.RestAPI
 br.com.techcraftbrasil.restapi.RestAPI$1
br/com/techcraftbrasil/restapi/controller/AutoRoleController.java
 br.com.techcraftbrasil.restapi.controller.AutoRoleController
br/com/techcraftbrasil/app/bot/commands/CommandHelp.java
 br.com.techcraftbrasil.app.bot.commands.CommandHelp
